docs: Update prConcurrentLimit with security exception (#15950)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

This limit is enforced on a per-repository basis.

> Note: this limit is not applied to security related PRs, which will be marked with `[SECURITY]` in the title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Renovate always creates security PRs, even if the concurrent PR limit is already reached.
Security PRs have `[SECURITY]` in their PR title.
```

How about something like this?
